For the last 45 years, I've been pioneer work,
traveling work,
and being in Bethel here for a number of years.
Health was very good.
Never had any problems at all.
One day I had a headache.
It was severe.
I really couldn't see clearly anything.
We went to the Bethel doctor,
and he referred us to a specialist,
and a specialist gave us diagnosis
of a very aggressive rain tumor called glioblastoma.
He had surgery the next Thursday.
Then after surgery, he had radiation
and chemotherapy at the same time.
A year later, he had to have another surgery.
And he is right now on his fourth type
of chemotherapy treatment.
From the very first one, he got sick.
The hardest thing was to see my husband
become increasingly dependent upon me
and upon other people.
I didn't want this to define who we are.
The brothers played a pivotal role
in trying to help us when found out
that I had to go in for surgery.
Gave me a scripture, and we prayed together.
And I'll always remember that.
It was a beautiful example.
And I also get a lot of encouragement from Sarah
who gets us prepared for meetings.
But when we go out in service,
I've gotten an opportunity to go and help people.
Just talk to them and encourage them.
In my Bethel assignment in the service department,
I have a brother or two who will come over
and review a case that we're considering.
And I get a lot of joy in that way.
I'm very thankful that I can still do
a little something to help.
For me, because he's been humbled
through this whole thing, it's been easier.
My hope is strong.
And I'm gonna keep right on going this way
and serve Jehovah right onto the new world
or whatever comes.